Occasionally the tip of the round might lie to you. Don't panic, this is normal.
To defeat the slaughter demon, shoot at it until it dies.
Sometimes you won't be able to avoid dying no matter how good you are at the game. Try not to stress too much about it.
When a round ends nearly everything about it is lost forever, leave your salt behind with it.
Killing the entire baronry isn't fun except when it is.
You can win a fist fight against an armoured Knight. Honest.
Just like real life, the entropy of the game can only increase with time. If things aren't on fire yet, just wait.
Completing your objectives is good practice, but the best antagonists will strive to do more than the bare minimum to really leave an impression.
The more obscure and underused a game mechanic is, the less likely your victims are going to be able to deal with it.
Snow is cold and it will quickly freeze you to death if you don't protect yourself. This is just how thermodynamics works, people.
Clowns.
Sometimes a round will just be a bust. C'est la vie.
This is a game that is constantly being developed for. Expect things to be added, removed, fixed, and broken on a daily basis.
It's fun to try and predict the round type from the tip of the round message.
The bird remembers.
Your sprite represents your hitbox, so that afro makes you easier to kill. The sacrifices we make for style.
Sometimes admins will just do stuff. Roll with it.
If you can tell if AtRealDonaldTrump is drunk, you get a prize.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
Plenty of things that aren't traditionally considered weapons can still be used to slowly brutalize someone to death. #BottleMeta
DEATH IS IMMINENT!
WARNING: Admin MorrowWolf has called proc/order_66 !
This game is older than most of the people playing it.
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Just the tip?
Some people are unable to read text on a game where half of it is based on text.
As the Captain, you can be confused as to why you're not on a space station and why there's several knights trying to take you to some Baron or something.
THE BARON MUST BE FED 20 STRAY CATS
THE KNIGHTS ARE 10 SEXUALLY PROVOCATIVE CAT WOMEN
This isn't actually a Barony. It's actually an Anarcho-Syndicalist commune.
