You can catch thrown items by toggling on your throw mode with an empty hand active.
You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes time and drops the items in your hands on the table. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.
You can drag other players onto yourself to open the strip menu, letting you remove their equipment or force them to wear something. Note that bulky outer clothing or helmets will block your access to the clothing beneath them, and that certain items take longer to strip or put on than others.
You can change the control scheme by pressing tab. One is WASD, the other is the arrow keys. Keep in mind that hotkeys are also changed with this.
Cloaks offer mild protection from the cold, allowing you to spend longer periods of time in the snow than if wearing nothing at all.
Glass shards can be welded to make glass, and metal rods can be welded to make metal. Ores can be welded too, but this takes a lot of fuel.
If you need to drag multiple people either to safety or to the goblins, bring a locker or crate over and stuff them all in before hauling them off.
You can grab someone by clicking on them with the grab intent, then upgrade the grab by clicking on them once more. An aggressive grab will momentarily stun someone, allow you to place Mekhi on a table by clicking on it, or throw them by toggling on throwing.
Holding alt and left clicking a tile will allow you to see its contents in the top right window pane, which is much faster than right clicking.
The resist button will allow you to resist out of handties, being buckled to a chair or bed, out of locked lockers and more. Whenever you're stuck, try resisting!
You can move an item out of the way by dragging it and then clicking on an adjacent tile with an empty hand.
Some roles cannot be antagonists by default, but antag selection is decided first. For instance, you can set Knight to High without affecting your chances of becoming an antag -- the game will just select a different role.
As a Peasant, remember that only reason the Baron and his Knights keep you alive is so you can make food for them. Try not to disappoint.
As a Peasant, you are not supposed to be able to take on a knight in a one-on-one match, at all. Group up with your peasant comrades if you actually need to take one down.
As a Knight, your ultimate goal is to keep the Baron alive. Killing off the peasantry for fun, and ergo starving the Baron and yourself of your food sources, goes against that objective.
As a Baron, you must face many dangers that threaten both you and your baronry. Keep your Knights alive, coordinated, and well-fed.
There are many places around the castle to hide contraband. Experiment!
When crafting most items, you can either manually combine parts or use the crafting menu.
